README.md, before:

<!-- Warning: Do not manually edit this file. See notes on gluon + helm-docs at the end of this file for more information. -->
# wrapper

![Version: 0.4.15](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.4.15-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![Maintenance Track: bb_integrated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance_Track-bb_integrated-green?style=flat-square)

Adds full Big Bang integration into a package

## Upstream References

- <https://repo1.dso.mil/big-bang/product/packages/wrapper>

## Upstream Release Notes

This package has no upstream release note links on file. Please add some to [chart/Chart.yaml](chart/Chart.yaml) under `annotations.bigbang.dev/upstreamReleaseNotesMarkdown`.
Example:
```yaml
annotations:
  bigbang.dev/upstreamReleaseNotesMarkdown: |
    - [Find our upstream chart's CHANGELOG here](https://link-goes-here/CHANGELOG.md)
    - [and our upstream application release notes here](https://another-link-here/RELEASE_NOTES.md)
```

## Learn More

- [Application Overview](docs/overview.md)
- [Other Documentation](docs/)

## Pre-Requisites

- Kubernetes Cluster deployed
- Kubernetes config installed in `~/.kube/config`
- Helm installed

Install Helm

https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/

## Deployment

- Clone down the repository
- cd into directory

```bash
helm install wrapper chart/
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| bigbang | object | `{"addons":{"authservice":{"enabled":false,"values":{"selector":{"key":"protect","value":"keycloak"}}}},"domain":"bigbang.dev","istio":{"enabled":false,"hardened":{"enabled":false}},"istiod":{"enabled":false},"monitoring":{"enabled":false},"networkPolicies":{"controlPlaneCidr":"0.0.0.0/0","controlPlaneNode":null,"enabled":false},"openshift":false}` | Passdown values from Big Bang |
| package | object | `{"configMaps":[],"istio":{"hardened":{"customAuthorizationPolicies":[],"enabled":"{{ .Values.bigbang.istio.values.hardened.enabled }}","matchLabels":{}},"hosts":[],"injection":"enabled","peerAuthentications":[]},"monitor":{"alerts":null,"dashboards":{},"encryptedMetrics":true,"services":[]},"name":"","namespace":{"name":null},"network":{"additionalPolicies":[],"allowControlPlaneEgress":false,"allowDnsEgress":true,"allowHttpsEgress":[],"allowIntraNamespace":true,"defaultDeny":true,"policies":true},"secrets":[],"sso":{"enabled":false},"values":{}}` | Passdown values from package |
| package.name | Required | `""` | Name of the package |
| package.namespace.name | string | Same as package.name | Name of the namespace.  Defaults to the same name as the package. |
| package.istio.injection | string | `"enabled"` | Toggles sidecar injection into the package.  Enabling this allows [mTLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_authentication#mTLS). Options are "enabled" or "disabled". |
| package.istio.hardened | object | If sidecar injection is enabled and peerAuthentication is blank, mTLS will be set to strict mode for the namespace. | Add policies to enforce traffic encryption (mTLS) through Istio sidecars.  [More info](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/peer_authentication/). |
| package.monitor.encryptedMetrics | bool | `true` | Toggle automatic setup of encrypted metrics via https.  Requires Istio injection.  Strict mTLS relies on this being enabled. |
| package.monitor.services | list | `[]` | Services to monitor using Prometheus.  Each service is specified as `name: "", [spec: {}](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/api.md#monitoring.coreos.com/v1.ServiceMonitorSpec)` |
| package.monitor.alerts | string | `nil` | Prometheus alerting rules, list of Prometheus [RuleGroups](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/api.md#monitoring.coreos.com/v1.RuleGroup) |
| package.monitor.dashboards | object | `{}` | Custom Grafana dashboards. Each dashboard is specified with a unique name key and dashboard contents value.  Dashboard contents are a key-value pair where key is dashboard format ("json") and value is dashboard contents.  Adds to existing bigbang grafana configuration, so no provider required, but otherwise follows Grafana conventions. [More Info](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/blob/grafana-6.52.9/charts/grafana/values.yaml#L649-L659) |
| package.network.policies | bool | `true` | Toggle all policies on or off |
| package.network.defaultDeny | bool | `true` | Deny all traffic in the namespace by default |
| package.network.allowIntraNamespace | bool | `true` | Allow traffic between pods inside the namespace |
| package.network.allowControlPlaneEgress | bool | `false` | Allow egress traffic from the namespace to the Kubernetes control plane for API calls |
| package.network.allowDnsEgress | bool | `true` | Allow egress traffic from the namespace to the DNS port |
| package.network.allowHttpsEgress | list | `[]` | Allow https egress to internet from specific pods |
| package.network.additionalPolicies | list | `[]` | Custom egress/ingress policies to deploy.  [More info](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.25/#networkpolicy-v1-networking-k8s-io) |
| package.secrets | list | `[]` | Secrets that should be created prior to Helm install |
| package.configMaps | list | `[]` | ConfigMaps that should be created prior to Helm install |
| package.sso.enabled | bool | `false` | Toggle AuthService SSO for package; Chain must be setup in Authservice & workload  must be appropriately labeled for this to work |
| package.values | object | `{}` | Pass through values to this package's upstream Helm chart |

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) if you are interested in contributing.

---

_This file is programatically generated using `helm-docs` and some BigBang-specific templates. The `gluon` repository has [instructions for regenerating package READMEs](https://repo1.dso.mil/big-bang/product/packages/gluon/-/blob/master/docs/bb-package-readme.md)._

Commit message:

Update documentation and fix reference links to Big Bang docs

README.md, after:

# wrapper

![Version: 0.4.15](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.4.15-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![Maintenance Track: bb_integrated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance_Track-bb_integrated-green?style=flat-square)

## Upstream References

There is no upstream for this chart. Wrapper is managed by the Big Bang team and is used to install external application helm charts. See [DEVELOPMENT_MAINTENANCE](/docs/DEVELOPMENT_MAINTENANCE.md) for more information on how to use this package.

## Learn More

- [Application Overview](docs/overview.md)
- [Other Documentation](docs/)

## Pre-Requisites

- Kubernetes Cluster deployed
- Kubernetes config installed in `~/.kube/config`
- Helm installed

Install Helm

https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| bigbang | object | `{"addons":{"authservice":{"enabled":false,"values":{"selector":{"key":"protect","value":"keycloak"}}}},"domain":"bigbang.dev","istio":{"enabled":false,"hardened":{"enabled":false}},"istiod":{"enabled":false},"monitoring":{"enabled":false},"networkPolicies":{"controlPlaneCidr":"0.0.0.0/0","controlPlaneNode":null,"enabled":false},"openshift":false}` | Passdown values from Big Bang |
| package | object | `{"configMaps":[],"istio":{"hardened":{"customAuthorizationPolicies":[],"enabled":"{{ .Values.bigbang.istio.values.hardened.enabled }}","matchLabels":{}},"hosts":[],"injection":"enabled","peerAuthentications":[]},"monitor":{"alerts":null,"dashboards":{},"encryptedMetrics":true,"services":[]},"name":"","namespace":{"name":null},"network":{"additionalPolicies":[],"allowControlPlaneEgress":false,"allowDnsEgress":true,"allowHttpsEgress":[],"allowIntraNamespace":true,"defaultDeny":true,"policies":true},"secrets":[],"sso":{"enabled":false},"values":{}}` | Passdown values from package |
| package.name | Required | `""` | Name of the package |
| package.namespace.name | string | Same as package.name | Name of the namespace.  Defaults to the same name as the package. |
| package.istio.injection | string | `"enabled"` | Toggles sidecar injection into the package.  Enabling this allows [mTLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_authentication#mTLS). Options are "enabled" or "disabled". |
| package.istio.hardened | object | If sidecar injection is enabled and peerAuthentication is blank, mTLS will be set to strict mode for the namespace. | Add policies to enforce traffic encryption (mTLS) through Istio sidecars.  [More info](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/peer_authentication/). |
| package.monitor.encryptedMetrics | bool | `true` | Toggle automatic setup of encrypted metrics via https.  Requires Istio injection.  Strict mTLS relies on this being enabled. |
| package.monitor.services | list | `[]` | Services to monitor using Prometheus.  Each service is specified as `name: "", [spec: {}](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/api.md#monitoring.coreos.com/v1.ServiceMonitorSpec)` |
| package.monitor.alerts | string | `nil` | Prometheus alerting rules, list of Prometheus [RuleGroups](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/api.md#monitoring.coreos.com/v1.RuleGroup) |
| package.monitor.dashboards | object | `{}` | Custom Grafana dashboards. Each dashboard is specified with a unique name key and dashboard contents value.  Dashboard contents are a key-value pair where key is dashboard format ("json") and value is dashboard contents.  Adds to existing bigbang grafana configuration, so no provider required, but otherwise follows Grafana conventions. [More Info](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/blob/grafana-6.52.9/charts/grafana/values.yaml#L649-L659) |
| package.network.policies | bool | `true` | Toggle all policies on or off |
| package.network.defaultDeny | bool | `true` | Deny all traffic in the namespace by default |
| package.network.allowIntraNamespace | bool | `true` | Allow traffic between pods inside the namespace |
| package.network.allowControlPlaneEgress | bool | `false` | Allow egress traffic from the namespace to the Kubernetes control plane for API calls |
| package.network.allowDnsEgress | bool | `true` | Allow egress traffic from the namespace to the DNS port |
| package.network.allowHttpsEgress | list | `[]` | Allow https egress to internet from specific pods |
| package.network.additionalPolicies | list | `[]` | Custom egress/ingress policies to deploy.  [More info](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.25/#networkpolicy-v1-networking-k8s-io) |
| package.secrets | list | `[]` | Secrets that should be created prior to Helm install |
| package.configMaps | list | `[]` | ConfigMaps that should be created prior to Helm install |
| package.sso.enabled | bool | `false` | Toggle AuthService SSO for package; Chain must be setup in Authservice & workload  must be appropriately labeled for this to work |
| package.values | object | `{}` | Pass through values to this package's upstream Helm chart |

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) if you are interested in contributing.
